Replace vbNewLine with Environment.NewLine (#20065)
dotnet/docs: docs/visual-basic/language-reference/constants-and-enumerations.md

|`vbCrLf`|Carriage return/linefeed character combination.|  
|`vbCr`|Carriage return character.|  
|`vbLf`|Linefeed character.|  

> |`vbNewLine`|Newline character. This is obsolete starting with .NET 5.0|  

Author: ```suggestion
|`vbNewLine`|Newline character. This is obsolete starting with .NET Core 3.0|
```
